hey boy then you surf - oh good
important and I'm just drifting around
you know getting in touch with the ocean
and stuff it's it's really Pleasant it
was yeah ah come on ahead in there you
go
executed I wanted to tell you
positioning to Sarah's iPod the other
day and amidst the interminable dross
that's on that thing I found one track
that I are quite light so checked what
it was it was actually one of yours and
it kind of reminded me of a dark gothic
Neil Diamond that's like exactly what
I'm going for
oh you're cool it's so hard to say
because uh I got hate you in so many
ways but whatever I can see why Sarah
likes her no accounting for taste I
supposing okay I'll she was with me for
five years so there you go no you huh
you got four on me than me you slept
with Sarah a year ago awful you knew
Peter please don't take it seriously
what the man you think offended by
that you can't be so casual about this
this isn't Europe okay there are rules
here I'm really sorry
apologize for offending your pieces I
just hope this doesn't ruin our
friendship
well what's up al what do you think it's
about this is a big deal about a co2 the
ocean that's not all come on man you
don't sleep for the letter man zero get
out of here all right
oh wow look at cool right there in your
leg can you get out my leg please Hotel
man do you think about that I'd love to
you know but hotel policy didn't let me
do that kind of thing don't weird it out
and Shirin sir Buddha can you call the
front desk for me please yeah Kudo call
the front desk
now go game monster man hey he's not
goofy nothing I kind of have this thing
about blood okay look at it it's right
in my leg Pia get it I'm gonna
make plays one two check it out it's
really in there get it out of me great
oh mom okay I got it it's all done
it's all over Oh everything looks fine
oh it's all good they're coming WikiWiki
can you get some towels for me please
I'm really losing a lot of blood
you saw like a problem dad yeah